update keycloak documentation (#8575)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/integrations/users/openId.md

# Comma separated list of <keycloak-role>:<geostore-role>
keycloakOAuth2Config.roleMappings=admin:ADMIN,user:USER

# Comma separated list of <keycloak-role>:<geostore-group>
keycloakOAuth2Config.roleMappings=MY_KEYCLOAK_ROLE:MY_MAPSTORE_GROUP,MY_KEYCLOAK_ROLE2:MY_MAPSTORE_GROUP2

# Default role, when no mapping has matched
keycloakOAuth2Config.authenticatedDefaultRole=USER
```

- `keycloakOAuth2Config.jsonConfig`: insert the JSON copied, removing all the spaces
- `keycloakOAuth2Config.redirectUri`: need to be configured to point to your application at the path `<base-app-url>/rest/geostore/openid/keycloak/callback`, e.g. `https://my.mapstore.site.com/mapstore/rest/geostore/openid/keycloak/callback`
- `keycloakOAuth2Config.internalRedirectUri` can be set to your application root, e.g. `https://my.mapstore.site.com/mapstore/`

> - `keycloakOAuth2Config.autoCreateUser`: true if you want MapStore to insert a Keycloak authenticated user on the DB. UserGroups will be inserted as well and kept in synch with the roles defined for the user in Keycloak. The options must be set to false if MapStore is using as user and group sources external services (i.e. Keycloak or LDAP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `keycloakOAuth2Config.autoCreateUser`: true if you want MapStore to insert a Keycloak authenticated user on the DB. UserGroups will be inserted as well and kept in synch with the roles defined for the user in Keycloak. The option **must be set to false if MapStore is using a read-only external service for users and groups** (i.e. Keycloak or LDAP).
```
